you can get just as flexible as I am
with zero equipment but I mean come on
tape the box to death give me give me
and instructions who needs those right
the goal of this contraption is to get
you to your middle splits so ankles go
on the outside and you pull this
oh okay
nice so if you get this all the way all
the way over here that's great you can
go one two three or a little all the way
down to the last Notch and this is where
this one maxes out right here which is
pretty Advanced so this can be useful
but if you have a free wall it's the
same thing as doing this and there's no
limit so you can actually push yourself
all the way up until you get to the wall
but this thing is pretty cool it looks
like a medieval torture device of some
kind
stay flexy